Drow:
黑暗精靈:

    Drows are evil creatures once lived above ground and were part of the
    elven community until they were driven underground for their evilness.
    Now they dwelled in black caves and winding tunnels under the earth.
    Few drows can be see above ground and in that rare occasion, usually
    at night time.

    曾經也是居住在地面上的黑暗精靈, 因為他們邪惡的天性而被其它的精靈族放逐
    到地面下. 現在他們多數住在地底下黑暗的洞穴或隧道中, 建立了他們自己的邪
    惡世界. 黑暗精靈很少出現在地面上, 就算有, 也是在晚上.

    They have black skin and pale, usually white hair. They are shorter and
    slender than humans. A typical drow weigh about 50kg and seldom reached
    more than 160cm in height.

    黑暗精靈通常有著黑色到深紫色的皮膚，以及一頭銀白色的頭髮。 他們跟人類比
    起來顯得比較矮小。普通的黑暗精靈體重約在 50 公斤左右, 身高很少會超過 160
    公分。

    Drow live in magnificently dark, gloomy cities in the underworld where
    they construct their building out of stone and minerals, carved into
    weird, fantastic shapes. Their society is fragmented into many opposing
    noble house and merchant families, all scrambling for power. They
    believe that the strongest should rule and this is what their class
    system based on.

    黑暗精靈居住在幽暗的地底世界中的華麗城市, 他們擅長用石塊, 各種礦物建立
    起一座座的建築和神殿, 並用奇形怪狀的雕刻及圖騰來裝飾這些建築物. 他們的
    社會組織分成幾個對立且常常爭戰的貴族或商務家庭. 他們相信強者才能統治世
    界, 這也是他們的建立社會階級的基礎.


    They worship a dark spider goddess called Lolth, and the priestesses of
    Lolth hold very high places in the society. The positions of great
    importance in the society are usually held by female drows, and the
    male drows were often used as cannon fodder among the house wars.

    黑暗精靈信仰一個叫 Lolth 的邪惡蜘蛛女神, Lolth 的大祭師在這個社會中的地
    位是最高且都由女性擔任這個職位. 基本上來說, 黑暗精靈女性在這個社會中擔
    任了大多數的重要職位及擁有所有的權力. 大部份的男性都是用來當做家族戰爭
    中的肉盾.

    Drows have great resistance against magic and poisions, but their
    resistance against cold and fire are weak due to the heritage. They
    gain the power from their evil goddess and thus suffers from the power
    of the good.

    黑暗精靈對魔法有相當強的抗力，也不怕毒素的侵襲，但是對火□和寒冷的抵抗
    力很差，黑暗精靈從他們所崇拜的邪神獲得黑暗力量的保護，但是也有和魔族一
    樣的弱點。

